Update configuring-commit-squashing-for-pull-requests.md (#27909)
github/docs: content/repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/configuring-pull-request-merges/configuring-commit-squashing-for-pull-requests.md

{% data reusables.repositories.navigate-to-repo %}
{% data reusables.repositories.sidebar-settings %}

> 1. On the "General" tab (which is selected by default), scroll down to the section marked "Pull Requests".
> ![Screenshot 2023-08-31 at 2 16 53 PM](https://github.com/github/docs/assets/59002/fc027e4c-62f5-4abd-8530-050fa24060a3)
> 
> 
> 
>    Select **Allow squash merging**. This allows contributors to merge a pull request by squashing all commits into a single commit. The default commit message presented to contributors when merging is the commit title and message if the pull request contains only 1 commit, or the pull request title and list of commits if the pull request contains 2 or more commits. {% ifversion ghes = 3.6 %} To always use the title of the pull request regardless of the number of commits in the pull request select **Default to PR title for squash merge commits**.{% endif %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the "General" settings page (which is selected by default), scroll down to the section marked "Pull Requests". 
1. Under "Pull Requests", select **Allow squash merging**. This allows contributors to merge a pull request by squashing all commits into a single commit. The default commit message presented to contributors when merging is the commit title and message if the pull request contains only 1 commit, or the pull request title and list of commits if the pull request contains 2 or more commits. {% ifversion ghes = 3.6 %} To always use the title of the pull request regardless of the number of commits in the pull request select **Default to PR title for squash merge commits**.{% endif %}
```

Reviewer: I don't think the screenshot is strictly necessary in this case (we tend to use them sparingly and I think your proposed clarification to the content is sufficient!). ✨

I'm also suggesting a slight edit to the structure - in general, keeping one action per step.

{% ifversion default-merge-squash-commit-message %}

>  Optionally, under **Allow squash merging**, select the dropdown menu, then click the format of the default squash commit message presented to contributors when merging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Optionally, under **Allow squash merging**, select the dropdown menu, then click the format of the default squash commit message presented to contributors when merging.
```

Reviewer: Minor edit to align with our style guide.
